c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll.config
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
c:\users\estudiante\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
E:\Proyectos\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll.config
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
D:\Usuarios\area.tecnologica\Mis documentos\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll.config
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\SonrisaPerfecta\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll.config
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.dll
C:\Users\Estudiante.SALA233-PC06.001\Downloads\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta-master\SonrisaPerfecta\obj\Debug\SonrisaPerfecta.pdb
